well let's start our second installment
for junk Wars want to UM this first
video we're going to concentrate on
all-in-ones a lot of people's trying to
jump into the market right now because
Apple is dominating it and they finally
show other people how to do it so Dale's
taking cues from apple with their
upcoming studio 119 and other things but
there's a lot of junk and you'll notice
that a lot of them try to copy apple but
they all fail so let me fire up here
Safari I got a few pages open in the
first one I got up here is an all-in-one
and it's called Cybertron and fourteen
hundred and ninety nine dollars and i've
never heard of Cybertron unless I just
being an idiot it's just right at three
things down here whatever that means I
don't know I'm not into the pcs it's got
a side loading a side loading slot drive
oh how fucking cheap and a horrible is
that give me a break 19 inch touchscreen
okay so maybe that might be why but the
HP TouchSmart I think ain't that high I
don't know what the deal is but look at
that that's junk it looks like an old
CRT display it has a 19 inch screen
which no no no no no not for that kind
of money and no way they'll get that
from me for no way 2.42 gigs ram 320 gig
hard drive and bob windows XP this is
from tigerdirect now as you'll know this
doesn't that just have a junkie feel to
it that's that's one day one failure is
moving the next the HP TouchSmart huh
man I might have some pictures of them
around here somewhere oh sorry I memoto
on motor I'm modeling a Windex bottle so
let's get back here is my pictures are
they are let's bring them down here
which one are we looking at the HP
TouchSmart which is right here is a
bigger picture of it which I see where
they was going it looks like they had a
direction but it's still to me ugly as
fuck it looks like something that would
be in my kitchen and that mouse is
totally glossy and it just totally
stands out from everything else
everything else is Matt except that
little shiny mouse there this user's
interface here you see the senior
intervener face you know I don't see
that a whole lot to you but let's say
1759 now let's see you pc guys say any
one of these are better than the imac or
any one of these are good at all because
you all give the imac down the road
because you can't upgrade them how you
can upgrade these things you're not so i
don't want i want to hear you say the
exact same bad things about these as you
do the imac it says here HP TouchSmart
which everybody knows the problems chris
pirillo head with his core 2 duo 2.1 4
gigs of ddr2 ah let's see if it's going
to be ddr2 maybe at least can be fully
buffered is I mean I don't know much
about ram but uh even the Mac Pros have
ddr3 now and stuff so let's see flash
reader geforce 9300 802 11 be good
standard stuff 25 inch screen 1759 i
tell you what they can keep that one to
another fail now here's another one the
sony vaio which i think comes close in
price 799 but that now you're getting
down into the typical pc cheap shit
price all-in-one pc 4 gigs of ram 2.53
this is for geeks here DVR to the
standard yada yada bullshit you know
starting at seven ninety-nine i'm sure
you can configure it but look does this
look at
it looks like oh it looks like a laptop
with some kind of handle on that you
flip around to use as a stand and look
at this keyboard sony vaio is I mean
this come out before the new aluminum
mac keyboard because if it didn't Wow
another look threads alone for
everybody's trying to copy Apple
nowadays Microsoft's opening stores sony
has stores everybody you know you're
redesigning their all-in-ones trying to
make them more fashionable like this one
here that all in one studio 19 if I can
get a picture of it up or not but it's
real small here but it's a good-looking
computer and if it's going to come in
several different colors and we'll see
how they do with it here's an XPS let's
see XPS one right here now I think those
are ugly as shit I'm sorry I think
they're ugly as hell I'll see that big
xbox-green button there for some reason
or another i don't know i don't even
know if that's what that is but it was
what reminds me of us look at the
starting price 799 from 20 inches all
the way up to 1799 for 24 inches so all
of these are within the exact same price
range 9600 GT um entail this one here
for 14 oz has 1499 has integrated intel
GMA x4500 hundred graphics and the other
one for 700 so if you want the good
graphics is it the 1799 version i don't
know i'm not going to go in and
customize it all i know is all the
all-in-one PCs are just as high as
Apple's if not higher and they look like
shit and I guarantee you they're not
made anything like the apples are
they're not up the standards the people
that make these don't put their products
up to the standards that Apple it does
so you just go through here and take a
good look at all these cheap ass
bullshit all-in-ones 1759 1499 no Tiger
tracks known for their good
Isis 799 and this one here goes up to
seventeen ninety nine then they got the
new studio 119 coming out will be from
700 Allah's will be a shit computer all
the way up to probably over two grand
it's ridiculous so you all can't compare
imax to desktop pcs you want to compare
desktop pcs to a Mac you can't compare
them to a Mac Pro you want to compare
something to the imac it's got to be an
all-in-one viewer because as you can see
here all the even the pc only ones are
expensive as fuck but you know what they
come with vista or windows 7 windows
period and they look like shit so if you
ask me you're much better off getting
named a mac cause all the other ones on
the pc side are just total shit and you
the proof is in the pudding go to any
website look at the prices look at the
just look at him and go to the apple
store put your hands on an imac all
aluminum glass front LED display come on
guys there's no fucking comparison so
all-in-one pcs let's stick them back
over in the corner where they belong and
we'll move on to jump wars part 3
desktops always king guys